ROSA with HCP Updates (#59692)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-deleting-node-tuning.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-tuning-config.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-deleting-node-tuning_{context}"]
= Deleting node tuning configurations on {hcp-title}

You can delete tuning configurations using the `rosa` CLI.

.Prerequisites

* You have downloaded the latest version of the ROSA CLI.
* You have a cluster on the latest version .
* Your cluster has a node tuning configuration that you want delete.

.Procedure

> * To delete the tuning configurations, run the following command:

Reviewer: We should add a warning that deleting a tuning config references in a node pool is not possible. The tuning config needs to be removed first from the ndoe pool then deleted

Author: See line 19 for the added note to address this.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_hcp/rosa-tuning-config.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-deleting-node-tuning_{context}"]
= Deleting node tuning configurations on {hcp-title}

You can delete tuning configurations by using the `rosa` CLI.

[NOTE]
====

> You cannot delete a tuning configuration reference in a node pool. You must first remove the tuning configuration before you can delete  it.

Reviewer: s/reference/referenced

> You cannot delete a tuning configuration reference in a node pool. You must first remove the tuning configuration before you can delete  it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot delete a tuning configuration referenced in a machine pool. You must first remove the tuning configuration from all machine pools before you can delete it.
```
